‎Jehovah loves justice.
‎He’d never destroy
the righteous with the wicked
‎—that would be unjust and unloving.
‎For instance,
before Jehovah executed judgment
‎on unfaithful Jerusalem,
‎he lovingly assured his prophet Ezekiel
‎that faithful ones would be spared.
‎Ezekiel saw a vision
of someone marking people
‎who’d survive God’s judgment.
‎Who receive that mark?
‎Who does the marking?
‎And when are individuals
marked for survival?
‎Chapter 16 discusses this thrilling vision.
‎The title is
‎“Put a Mark on the Foreheads,”
‎which is taken from Ezekiel 9:4:
‎“Jehovah said to him:
‎“‘Go through the city,
through Jerusalem,
‎“‘and put a mark
on the foreheads of the men
‎“‘who are sighing and groaning
over all the detestable things
‎that are being done in the city.’”
‎This chapter will answer
‎two important questions:
‎First,
how does Ezekiel’s vision of the man
‎with the secretary’s inkhorn
‎highlight Jehovah’s mercy?
‎Second,
what do you need to do now
‎in order to be marked
in the future for survival?
‎How loving of Jehovah
‎to assure us that he’ll deliver
his faithful worshippers
‎when he executes judgment
‎on this wicked system of things!
‎Meanwhile,
may this chapter move you
‎to exert yourself in the lifesaving work
‎of preaching the good news,
‎thereby helping as many as possible
‎to come in line
to be marked for survival.